Terminology, details, etc.

 Java main basic topics:
 packages, classes, variables, data types.
 
 Creating a variable like 3dMap, this - not possible.
 
 Environment:
  Couple of techs:
  
  javac - .java -> .class (bytecode)
  
  java - this command initialises the program execution.
  
  jar - ZIP of java class files
  
  javadoc - For docs.
  
  javac command generates an intermediary instruction (bytecode) which java command can
  recognize/identify.
  
  java command launches the JVM
  
  JVM knows how to run the instruction in particular OS or in any hardware (like pressure machine,
  watch, washing machine, etc)
  
  The env. where the bytecode instruction executes is JRE.
  
  The object concept is applicable only during program runtime.
  
  instance - representer
  
  State of program - determined by various objects of all different classes.
  
  State of an object - field
  
  class - The basic building block in Java.
  
  In a class, we define its features.
  
  To use classes, we create objects.
  
  Object - runtime instance of a class in memory.
  
  An object in memory has no identity. It is with its address that gets identified.
  The address is called reference. A reference variable stores an object's address.
  
  A variable has a name and a type. - Only values whose type is compatible with that of the variable,
  can be assigned to variables.
  
  Methods - operation/logic that can be called again once defined.
  
  Two types - One that returns a value of a type.
   - One that returns control to the caller silently - void methods.
   
 parameters and arguments.
 
 void methods sometimes require information to be passed to it from calling place.
 
 The information placeholder is the parameter in the method. The actual information from the
 invoking place - argument
 
 method signature - the method name and parameter types.
 
 main() method - entry point into the program - It's the method that JVM looks for when a program
 starts executing.
 
 access modifier - level of exposure of a method/building block to potential callers.
 
 static - keyword which binds a method to its class so it can be called by just the class name.
 
 void - one of method's return type. It indicates nothing is returned from a method.
 
 void methods are perfect for cases where the object's state is changed.
 
 program state v/s object state
 
 main() method changes program state from started to finish.
 
 File cabinet -> folder -> paper analogy
 module -> package -> class (.java/.class)
 
 import statements - instructions from programmer to Java compiler for the package name to look in
 for classes.
 
 packages - logical groupings for Java classes.
 
 Java compiler looks for class names in packages.
  
  
  
  